scrabble-score: convert to instructions and introduction (#2417)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/scrabble-score/instructions.md

# Instructions

> Compute a word's Scrabble score by summing its letters' values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your task is to compute a word's Scrabble score by summing the values of its letters.
```

I suggest this slight variation so we don't have the same phrase "summing it's letter's values" twice in a row.

> ## Letter Values
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The letters are valued as follows:

| Letter                       | Value |
| ---------------------------- | ----- |
| A, E, I, O, U, L, N, R, S, T | 1     |
| D, G                         | 2     |
| B, C, M, P                   | 3     |
| F, H, V, W, Y                | 4     |
| K                            | 5     |
| J, X                         | 8     |
| Q, Z                         | 10    |

> ## Examples
> 
> The word "cabbage" is worth 14 points:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the word "cabbage" is worth 14 points:
```

# Instructions

Compute a word's Scrabble score by summing its letter values.

## Letter Values

The letters are valued as follows:

```text
Letter                           Value
A, E, I, O, U, L, N, R, S, T     1
D, G                             2
B, C, M, P                       3
F, H, V, W, Y                    4
K                                5
J, X                             8
Q, Z                             10

> ```

Reviewer 2: This _could_ be a table instead of a code block.
